Feat/vehicle types table (#1)
Provoit/provoit-types: README.md

`diesel` feature enables *derive* attributes on models for querying. It also enables the `schema` module for compile time query validation.  
Finally, this enables a `migrations` module which embed the migrations for later run.

## Tools

This project needs the rust tooling, including cargo.  

> The diesel cli is needed, you can install it with the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diesel CLI is needed, you can install it with the following command.
```

```sh
sudo apt install libmysqlclient-dev  # MySQL deps
cargo install diesel_cli --no-default-features --features mysql
```

> This project also needs a **MySQL** database, the easiest way to have one is with docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project also needs a **MySQL** database, the easiest way is using docker.
```

I think it's shortest and easiest to understand like so.

6. With *diesel* feature, it derives from `Queryable`. You can also specify the table name if needed
7. The model file should also contains `struct` for a new model and an updating model

> You can quickly setup a database and run the migration with the following commands. This is actually required to generate the schema file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can quickly setup a database and run the migration with the following commands. This is curently required to generate the schema file.
```

Author: I really wanted to mean "in fact" and not "right now", 'actually' is the right word.
